README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/markocupic"><img src="docs/logo.png" width="200"></a></p>

# Gallery Creator Bundle

## Frontend Modul für [Contao CMS](https://www.contao.org)

With this extension for [Contao CMS](https://www.contao.org) you can create,
 display and manage photo albums.
 The Gallery Creator Bundle offers an album listing and an album detail view.
 As a lightbox we recommend the [Glightbox](https://biati-digital.github.io/glightbox/) plugin,
 which you can install like this: `composer require inspiredminds/contao-glightbox`.
 Please ensure, that you have activated the lightbox template
 in the layout settings of your theme in the Contao backend.

## Configuration
This gallery extension is shipped with a default configuration.
 If you want to override these settings, you
 can do this in your common configuration file located in `config/config.yml`.

```yaml
# config/config.yml
# Gallery Creator (default settings)
markocupic_gallery_creator:
  upload_path: 'files/gallery_creator_albums'
  backend_write_protection: false
  copy_images_on_import: true
  read_exif_meta_data: false

# Contao configuration
contao:
 url_suffix: ''
 #....
```


## "gc_generateFrontendTemplate"-Hook
The "gc_generateFrontendTemplate" hook can be used to adapt the frontend output.
 The "gc_generateFrontendTemplate" hook is executed before the Gallery Creator frontend template
 is ready to be parsed. This hook requires the content element model the current album object in the detail view.
 There is no return value expected.


```php
<?php
// src/EventListener/GenerateGalleryCreatorFrontendTemplateListener.php
namespace App\EventListener;

use Contao\CoreBundle\ServiceAnnotation\Hook;
use Contao\Template;
use Markocupic\GalleryCreatorBundle\Controller\ContentElement\GalleryCreatorController;
use Markocupic\GalleryCreatorBundle\Model\GalleryCreatorAlbumsModel;

/**
 * @Hook(GenerateGalleryCreatorFrontendTemplateListener::HOOK)
 */
class GenerateGalleryCreatorFrontendTemplateListener
{
    public const HOOK = 'gc_generateFrontendTemplate';

    public function __invoke(GalleryCreatorController $contentElement, Template $template, GalleryCreatorAlbumsModel $albumsModel)
    {
        $template->foo = 'bar';
    }
}

```


Have fun!

Commit message:

Several improvements
Run ecs in version 4
Replace the TL_MODE constant with the scopeMatcher service
Load backend assetv via an extra event subscriber
Rewrite the README file

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/markocupic"><img src="docs/logo.png" width="200"></a></p>

# Gallery Creator Bundle

## Frontend and backend extension for [Contao CMS](https://www.contao.org)

Use this extension to create, display and manage photo albums in your [Contao](https://www.contao.org) installation.
 The Gallery Creator Bundle offers an album listing and an album detail view.

## Installation
Please run the `composer require markocupic/gallery-creator-bundle` in your CLI to install the extension.

## Lightbox
 As a lightbox we strongly recommend [Glightbox](https://biati-digital.github.io/glightbox/).
 Simply run the `composer require inspiredminds/contao-glightbox` command in your CLI.
 Please ensure, that you have activated the lightbox template
 in the layout settings of your theme in the Contao backend.

## Configuration
This gallery extension is shipped with a default configuration.
 If you want to override these settings, you
 can do this in your common configuration file located in `config/config.yml`.

```yaml
# config/config.yml
# Gallery Creator (default settings)
markocupic_gallery_creator:
  upload_path: 'files/gallery_creator_albums'
  backend_write_protection: false
  copy_images_on_import: true
  read_exif_meta_data: false

# Contao configuration
contao:
 url_suffix: ''
 #....
```

## "gc_generateFrontendTemplate"-Hook
Use the "gc_generateFrontendTemplate" hook to adapt the frontend output.
The "gc_generateFrontendTemplate" hook is triggered before the gallery creator front end template is parsed.
 It passes the content element object, the template object and the album object.
 The "gc_generateFrontendTemplate" hook expects no return value.

```php
<?php
// src/EventListener/GenerateGalleryCreatorFrontendTemplateListener.php
namespace App\EventListener;

use Contao\CoreBundle\ServiceAnnotation\Hook;
use Contao\Template;
use Markocupic\GalleryCreatorBundle\Controller\ContentElement\GalleryCreatorController;
use Markocupic\GalleryCreatorBundle\Model\GalleryCreatorAlbumsModel;

/**
 * @Hook(GenerateGalleryCreatorFrontendTemplateListener::HOOK)
 */
class GenerateGalleryCreatorFrontendTemplateListener
{
    public const HOOK = 'gc_generateFrontendTemplate';

    public function __invoke(GalleryCreatorController $contentElement, Template $template, GalleryCreatorAlbumsModel $albumsModel)
    {
        $template->foo = 'bar';
    }
}

```


Have fun!
